In all our quizzes so far, we've been working with code blocks. Code blocks
are a great tool for writing small snippets of code, but now we're tackling
more complex problems so we need a more powerful tool. 're going to
start using a new tool called Jupyter Notebooks lets us edit and run our code in the web
browser. The difference is that we can add explanations and between the
code, and also the pieces of code are related to each other. Jupyter
Notebooks are an open-source technology that you can use outside this
computer. Without further ado, let's check out how a Jupyter Notebook
works and what you can do with it. We'll first click an Open Notebook and
wait until the notebook loads. Now that it's loaded, you can see some
explanatory text and a bit of code. We can execute the code by clicking the
run button in the toolbar, or we can also run it by pressing Shift+Enter on our
keyboard. Now that we've run our code, you can see there's a number here
next to the first cell. This number tells us that the code has been executed. If
a cell generates any output, it'll appear at the end of he cell. Let's try
executing the next cell and see if we get an output.

This cell includes some print calls, so after executing it, the interpreter
printed the values. The comments in the code tells us that these values
should be nine and one, but the print statement say that they're zero that's
because we need to edit the code in the first cell to make it do what it needs
to do. Let's edit the go-to function.

Once we've made the change, we need to re-execute the cell so that the
elevator class in modified, and an elevator variable is created with the new
elevator class.

Now we can re-execute the second cell.

Okay, now we get 10 and negative one instead of zero. But that's still not
what our comment say we should get. We still got work to do on the code to
make it do what it's supposed to do. We don't want to get ahead of
ourselves, though. So let's leave it that. Once you're working through the
exercises yourself in your Jupyter Notebook, remember you have to re-
execute the class definition whenever you modify it. If you forget, the
elevator variable won't change. If at any point you're stuck or something
doesn't work as expected, there's more help in the next reading. Good luck.